Accelerometer Calibration
=========================

.. O aplicativo QGroundControl mostrará todos os passos para colocar e segurar o veículo em diversas orientações.


The QGroundControl app will show you all the steps to place and hold your vehicle in different orientations.

Calibration Steps
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
.. tip::
   It is necessary to have the autopilot orientation set to proceed with the accelerometer calibration steps. Otherwise, enter the **Mountig the Pixhawk** tab and perform the steps in the **Setting the Orientation** subtab.

1. Open the app QGroundControl and connect the vehicle by the wire to the computer's usb.
2. Select the **Gear** icon (Vehicle Setup) in the top toolbar and then **Sensors** in the sidebar.
3. Click the **Accelerometer** sensor button.
4. Click **OK** to start the calibration.
5. Place the vehicle in the positions shown by the image that appear on the application screen. When the position is requested, the orientation image will turn yellow, leave it in that position (without moving the vehicle) until the calibration is completed. The image will turn green when the calibration is complete.
6. Repeat the calibration process for all vehicle orientations.


Futher Information
------------------

* `PX4 user guide > Accelerometer`_.

* `QGroundControl user guide > Sensors`_.

* `PX4 Setup Video`_ (Youtube)

.. _PX4 user guide > Accelerometer: https://docs.px4.io/v1.9.0/en/config/accelerometer.html
.. _QGroundControl user guide > Sensors: https://docs.qgroundcontrol.com/en/SetupView/sensors_px4.html
.. _PX4 Setup Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91VGmdSlbo4&feature=youtu.be&t=1m46s
